feat(docs): Document Karabiner interference with Mod-Morphs (#2146)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/behaviors/mod-morph.md

    };
};
```

> :::note Karabiner-Elements (macOS) and interference with Mod-Morph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[Karabiner-Elements (macOS) interfering with mod-morphs]
```
We are trying to stick to the [new admonitions syntax](https://docusaurus.io/docs/migration/v3#admonitions-option) to prevent future issues.

> If the first modified keypress sends the modifier along with the morphed keycode and [Karabiner-Elements](https://karabiner-elements.pqrs.org/) is running, disable `Modify Events` from Karabiners "Devices" settings page for the keyboard running ZMK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the first modified key press sends the modifier along with the morphed keycode and [Karabiner-Elements](https://karabiner-elements.pqrs.org/) is running, disable the "Modify Events" toggle from Karabiner's "Devices" settings page for the keyboard running ZMK.
```
